feat: add `cookies.setSerialized` to create a cookie from a string (#13681)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/red-bikes-beg.md

---

> '@sveltejs/kit': major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@sveltejs/kit': minor
```

---

> feat: add new method to create cookie from a string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: add `cookie.setFromString()` to set a cookie from a string
```
